so this is the new Siri coming soon to
an iPhone near you well only the iPhone
15 pro and pro Max and then whatever
ones come out in September but this is
basically the first real change it seems
like Apple's had to Siri since they
forgot about it years ago so the biggest
changes I've noticed are one the new
animation is obviously a big one lots of
rainbow Aura Vibes and it's responsive
to your voice when you talk but also two
you can now tap the screen twice at the
bottom to type to Siri instead of having
to say everything out loud without using
accessibility settings finally the
default voice I think is a little more
natural too so what's the tallest
building in Europe the tallest building
in Europe is the lacta center located in
St Petersburg the Russian Federation
it's uh it's not quite finished yet it's
also missing some of the features Apple
announced at WWDC like in app actions
now it's still in a developer beta so
it's super early and it's not yet
available to the public but hopefully by
the time it drops around September
there's even more good stuff because up
until now it really feels like I mostly
only trigger Siri by accident